When I came to Assam a few years ago on a reporting assignment, a regional journalist told me that I shouldn't be reporting from this region, on account of not being Assamese. At the time he told me this, we were attending a 'surrender ceremony' of militants, organised by the Indian Army in honour of the new General Officer Commanding-in-Chief. I was struck, and disconcerted at the sudden outburst of resentment directed towards my presence. I have understood over time that his anger was not without reason.

Assam is multicultural, multiethnic, and one of the most spectacularly beautiful and green states of India. Yet enormous apathy is displayed towards this region. So, in an age in which geographical distances often hold little meaning, Assam's position on the Indian map, is both literally, and by implication, stuck in a corner. Far from Delhi, away from anything at the heart of mainstream India, it must make do instead with funds for development, and surrender ceremonies organised in honour of new army GoCs.

The apathy of India towards Assam conceals itself behind the promise of democracy at elections, and the different ideas of development. This has sadly created divides- imaginary lines and margins that separate one group of people from the other, forcing them to stay within the defined margins, to script only within the lines set for them. Many of the ideas generated in the process of creation of these boundaries create friction, and lead to violence. Sometimes they stay on for much longer than their original intent, and promulgate an endless cycle of mutual suspicion and reprisal.

In the Assam of 2013, many lines have faded. Some lines have been manipulated, several changed, and co-opted, to serve various interests. Yet the marks of those lines still remain, and so does the anger that accompanied them in the first place. Aruni Kashyap plays masterfully around this anger, keeping it low key while telling the story of his Assam, poised against the backdrop of a village wedding in 2002. 